docs: initial accessibility section in each component page (#175)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/pill.md

<ef-pill clears>Clears Pill</ef-pill>
```

## Accessibility
::a11y-intro::

`ef-pill` is assigned `role="button"` and can have a `pressed` state. Assistive technology users ascertain the purpose that a pill serves via its accessible name, which is computed from the visual label. States such as `disabled` and `pressed` are programmatically updated to match the element’s visual state.

In some scenarios, pills are used for presenting a short text without any users interaction. For that, pill can be assigned `role="none"` or `role="presentation"`.

* `ef-pill` is assigned with `role="button"` by default, it's automatically managing attribute `aria-pressed` when use `toggles` mode
* You can assign `role="none"` or `role="presentation"` to `ef-pill` if your pills do not have a button behavior i.e. not an actionable pill
* You can set `tabindex="-1"` to `ef-pill` if you do not want pill to be focusable at all

```html
<ef-pill tabindex="-1">Not Able To Focus This Pill</ef-pill>
<h3>List of tags</h3>
<ef-pill role="none" aria-label="Zelda Tag">Zelda</ef-pill>
<ef-pill role="none" aria-label="Mario Tag">Mario</ef-pill>
<ef-pill role="none" aria-label="Ninja Tag">Ninja</ef-pill>
```

> * When pill is a removable pill, with `clears` attribute, users can trigger clears button by pressing a delete key. You can use `aria-label` to provide users for more detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When pill is a removable pill, with `clears` attribute, users can trigger clears button by pressing a **Delete** key. You can use `aria-label` to provide users for more detail.
```

<ef-pill clears>Clears Pill</ef-pill>
```

## Accessibility
::a11y-intro::

Pill is assigned `role="button"` and can have a `pressed` state. Assistive technology users ascertain the purpose that a pill serves via its accessible name, which is computed from the visual label. States such as `disabled` and `pressed` are programmatically updated to match the element’s visual state.

In some scenarios, pills are used for presenting a short text without any users interaction. For that, pill can be assigned `role="none"` or `role="presentation"`.

### Notes for developers

> * `ef-pill` is assigned with `role="button"` by default, it's automatically managing related aria attributes e.g. pressed or when use `toggles` mode

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `ef-pill` is assigned with `role="button"` by default, it's automatically managing attribute `aria-pressed` when use `toggles` mode
```
